REST, stands for Representational State Transfer.
It's a set of guidelines,
application developers use to design APIs.
There are four principles that APIs follow.
First, data and functionality in the API are considered resources and
identified through something called the URI or Uniform Resource Identifier.
These are often accessed by web links.
Second, resources are manipulated using a fixed set of operations.
GET retrieves a resource, POST creates one,
use PUT to update the resource,
and of course DELETE will remove it.
Third, resources can be represented in multiple formats like HTML,
XML plain texts, and other formats defined by immediate type.
Finally, communication between the client and endpoint is stateless.
Meaning, the server will not remember or
store any state about the client that made the call.
Restful APIs are easier to create and easier for many clients to consume.
They are used a lot for web integration and mobile device applications.
So let's look at how we build rest APIs using Spring Boot.